OnGoing:
	OBS/Xsplit Testing for Chroma keys/Responsiveness


Things to Complete Prior to 1.0 Release Build:
	Quick Launch,				 - Needs back end implementation
	Shift Override,				 - Needs back end implementation
	Toggle for TOFILE,			 - Needs back end implementation
	Toggle to Purge TOFILE file, - Needs back end imlpementation
	Update Forms to not look like a generic winform app.


Features:
	Ability to select type of user output (Currently Textbox/Listbox)
	Implement Translation modifications as end user
	StreamView Window:
		DONE (Feels Sluggish) - TextBox User output
		DONE - Add ability to change text color.
	Support for Pictures/Bitmaps?
	Make project not look like a generic WinForm App...

	Ghost mode version of the project? (only outputs to file unless pause bind is pressed) (VERY LIKELY NOT DUE TO BEING A FULL ON KEYLOGGER)
	
BackEnd:
	Done - Add Translation button Logic
	Done - Edit Translation button Logic
	Done - Remove Translation button Logic

	Override outputting "Shift" with outputting the upper case version of what is clicked (might require a dict/list of shared keys ex: 1 => !)

	User warning about the Nature of the program? (pop up when program is started with a "never show again" option)

	Get Unicode/UTF-16 Characters for :
		Shift,
		Escape,
		Delete,
		Enter,
		Backspace,
		Ctrl,
		Alt,
		Home (Windows button)
	And implement as Default Translations
	Get a better name for Translations (More accurate)
	Create a better project name (Make it a pun or something!)
	
	Dejunking of primary Functions (Remove any un-needed calls/interactions)
	General Optimizations -> Better variable Naming, Better control flows, Early Escapes

	Optimize Structures and class objects (Unsure if able to ?)
	Rebuild TranslationsDict to an extension of Dictionary instead of a shell class?

	Quick Launch (Skips showing Main Setup form and instantly loads user settings and opens StreamView)

	LoggingHook:
		DONE - Implement TOFILE System
		AWAITING GUI implementation - Toggle for TOFILE
		NOT STARTED - Toggle to purge TOFILE file on program startup AND/OR close (incase people dont want data lingering)
